hello Dan lessor here with deke Alistair
very general contractor and I've been
asked to talk to you about how to
operate a torque wrench okay of course
you're going to need a torque wrench
before you do anything torque wrenches
are used for a couple different
applications the most easiest one to see
is when you delete your tires changed
you'll see the guys with their big air
guns doing your tires and then another
guy will come around in with the torque
wrench and torque your lugs down another
application would be if you're doing
engine work and various other reasons
those are the most common so today I've
set up a bolt here on my vise to show
you how the torque wrench works I'm
going to show you how to operate it how
to adjust it and here it is so torque
wrench this is just a normal socket you
put it on snaps in so if the torque
wrench is very much like a normal
ratchet it's got on and off on the end
here you can see this is where your
torque comes from you probably I don't
know if you could see the numbers here
we've already have mine adjusted to 75
pounds and you just turn it as I'm doing
there let me get back to where I was
okay and then you make sure the top the
bottom is tightened up here's my nut
bolt okay normal ratchet sounding give
it a second here you'll see it tighten
up and the ratchet itself will pop it's
a different pop than what you hear now
because it'll stop turning okay ready
that is your torque that tells you I'm
torque 275 pounds
do not go any further if that's what
you're using a torque wrench for I'm Dan
and this is how to use a torque wrench